samples: zigbee: make light switch tx power configurable (#16680)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Zigbee samples
--------------

> * Added:
> 
>   * The possibility to configure transmission power for the light switch sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample:

  * Added the option to configure transmission power.
```

Author: "for the light switch sample"?

Reviewer: Ah, I think you missed the other line. It should be:
```
* :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample:

  * Added the option to configure transmission power.
```
